12Dense Fog In Delhi Delayed 20 Trains
A total of 20 Delhi-bound trains were delayed due to dense fog in Delhi today morning, officials said. According to the Met office, in the city the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.5 degrees Celsius today, average for the season. "Twenty trains were delayed due to the dense fog," an official from the Northern Railway said. "The sky will remain clear throughout the day with possibility of dense fog at few places," an official of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said. The maximum temperature is likely to hover around 20 degrees Celsius, the official said. Visibility at 8.30 am was 100 metres while at 5.30 am it was less than 50 metres. The weather office said the humidity at 8.30 am was recorded 100 percent. Saturday's maximum temperature settled at 22.2 degrees Celsius, one notch above the season's average while the minimum temperature was recorded at 4.6 degrees Celsius, three notches below the season's average.

215 Dead As Massive Blizzard Shuts Down Eastern United States
A deadly blizzard blanketed the eastern United States in near-record amounts of snow Saturday, shutting down New York and Washington in a colossal storm expected to affect more than 85 million people. More than 4,400 flights were cancelled as the mega-storm brought airports in New York, Philadelphia, Washington and Baltimore to a halt, shuttered transport in the US capital and prompted New York officials to issue a sweeping travel ban. Fifteen people died in Arkansas, Kentucky, New York, North Carolina, Maryland and Virginia, while more than 200,000 people were left without power and 2,200 National Guard personnel were drafted in. Forecasters said the storm -- dubbed "Snowzilla" -- would last into Sunday with two feet (60 centimeters) expected in Washington and more than 20 inches falling in parts of New York, making it one of the Big Apple's five biggest blizzards in history.

2Police Charge 17-Year Old In Canada After 4 Shot Dead
Police on Saturday charged a 17-year-old boy with four counts of first-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder in a mass shooting at a school and home in a remote aboriginal community in western Canada, officials said. Police said the male suspect can't be named under Canada's Youth Criminal Justice Act. Royal Canadian Mounted Police Supt. Grant St. Germaine said nine people were shot in the school, including a female teacher's aide who died at the scene and a male teacher who died in a hospital. He said seven people wounded in Friday's shooting at the school are hospitalized. Police said two brothers, 17-year-old Dayne Fountaine and 13-year-old Drayden, were shot dead in a home before the gunman headed to the grade 7-12 La Loche Community School. Police responded to a call of shots fired at the school shortly after the lunch hour.

1England schools: 10,000 pupils sidelined due to league-table pressures
More than 10,000 pupils left England’s mainstream state secondary schools in the run-up to their GCSE courses, according to an analysis of official data by the Guardian. The figures come amid concerns league-table pressures are incentivising institutions to move students who are unlikely to do well off their books. In the two years prior to summer 2015, thousands of teenagers were excluded, shifted to special schools or put into units for children with behaviour problems, while the number of pupils educated in conventional state secondaries and academies shrunk by more than 2%. The findings come from exclusive analysis of individual school rolls, carried out as the 2015 GCSE school league tables are published, showing little improvement in school results with 329 schools falling below the government’s performance floor targets – an improvement of only one school compared with last year.

1Students have unrealistic expectations, academic says
Attendance rates for lectures at third-level are falling as students increasingly opt to rely on notes posted online by their lecturers, an Oireachtas committee has heard. Dr Greg Foley, an associate dean for teaching and learning at Dublin City University, said students today seem to have unrealistic expectations on the level of work required to perform well in college. This was aggravated by the “highly distracting smartphone culture in which they live”, he said. Many academic staff were critical of a growing dependency culture in which students rely on material posted on the internet by their lecturers.“This has led . . . to an increasing reluctance on the part of students to study or read any material beyond what has been provided by the lecturer,” he told the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Education and Social Protection. “The subject becomes the online notes and nothing more,” he said.
#